'do not supported
'si not supported
REST_1 not supported
REST_16 not supported
REST_2 not supported
REST_32 not supported
REST_4 not supported
REST_8 not supported
^3d not supported
^3f not supported
^3ha not supported
^3hg not supported
^3la not supported
^3lg not supported
^53e not supported
^53s not supported
bis_' not supported
dacapoalfine not supported
dalsegno not supported
fermatb not supported
fermatc not supported
fermatd not supported
fermate not supported
fermatf not supported
fermatha not supported
fermathg not supported
fermatla not supported
fine not supported
flatc not supported
flatf not supported
naturalc not supported
naturalf not supported
naturalhg not supported
padeda not supported
pc not supported
pcb not supported
pchedari not supported
pclg not supported
pcmb not supported
pcmc not supported
pcmd not supported
pdare not supported
pdarodo not supported
pdili not supported
pedre not supported
pembari not supported
pgrp not supported
phcla not supported
phiharin not supported
phtla not supported
phtra not supported
pl not supported
podro not supported
potro not supported
pt not supported
ptb not supported
ptbrea not supported
ptlg not supported
ptmb not supported
ptmc not supported
ptmd not supported
ptra not supported
ptra8 not supported
ptripb not supported
ptripla not supported
ptriplg not supported
segno not supported
